config/graphical-session: hint to font installation for compositors (#810)
void-linux/void-docs: src/config/graphical-session/fonts.md

# Fonts

> [xbps-query(1)](https://man.voidlinux.org/xbps-query.1) can be used to list

Author: I wanted to link to https://docs.voidlinux.org/xbps/index.html#finding-files-and-packages here but I found many more links that referenced man pages so went with that instead. Going to this page would present the user with an immediate code block to do exactly what they'd be looking for at this point, so I don't know that I prefer the man page. (Should I change it?)

Reviewer: link the docs page

> [xbps-query(1)](../../xbps/index.md#finding-files-and-packages) can be used to
> list font-related packages. Many fonts are packaged with the `font-` prefix.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A number of fonts and font collections are [available from
XBPS](../../xbps/index.md#finding-files-and-packages). If you are unsure which
fonts to install, `dejavu-fonts-ttf` and `xorg-fonts` are good basic options.
`noto-fonts-ttf` provides fonts that contain characters for many languages and
scripts. `noto-fonts-cjk` provides fonts for Chinese, Japanese, and Korean
characters. `noto-fonts-emoji` provides emojis. `nerd-fonts` provides a number
of fonts with special characters added.

Fonts not available from XBPS can be installed manually to `/usr/share/fonts`
(system-wide) or `~/.local/share/fonts` (per-user).
```

Author: Is (from line 4 to 9)

```diff
+ XBPS](../../xbps/index.md#finding-files-and-packages). `dejavu-fonts-ttf` or `xorg-fonts`
+ are a good baseline if you're unsure of what to pick.
+ `noto-fonts-ttf` contains fonts for many languages and scripts.
+ `noto-fonts-cjk` extends this with fonts for Chinese, Japanese, and Korean, and
+ `noto-fonts-emoji` provides emojis.
+ `nerd-fonts` provides a number of fonts with special characters like custom icons included.
+ Many other font packages begin with `font-`.
```

(I'm fine dropping the last line if it's unnecessary)

adequate or would you prefer that suggestion verbatim? It's pedantic but I find this wording more varied and a bit easier to understand. (Written without ensuring correct column wrapping.)

Reviewer: my thinking is it's reasonable for the user to understand that `xbps-query - Rs font` would be how you find fonts, so we don't have to write it out.
